fix: typos, rephrases, and internal links (#651)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/reference/troubleshooting/faq.md

zkSync Era’s data availability layer is Ethereum. All ecosystem projects that build on zkSync Era will inherit the full security benefits of Ethereum.

> This is obviously a critically important topic for us, and the system has gone through several security audits and bug bounty programs. You can read more about [zkSync Era security in this section of the docs](./audit-bug-bounty.md).

Reviewer: This makes it sound like we've tried multiple different bug bounty programs. Perhaps we should rephrase to emphasize that we have one, successful program?

```suggestion
This is obviously a critically important topic for us, and the system has gone through several security audits and maintains a very detailed bug bounty program. You can read more about [zkSync Era security in this section of the docs](./audit-bug-bounty.md).
```
